{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20300\viewh13860\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A615/3179 - Cross Industry Ownership \
Identify business and describe two companies that have diversified \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Sony \
Sony is a Japanese multinational company based in Japan, founded in 1964.  Originally, Sony focused on electronics with the CV-2000 (the video cassette tape) being the first instrumental product that launched Sony into the electronic industry. \
Now, Sony is a diversify business which include:\
Consumer and professional electronic, gaming, entertainment and financial services. \
\
Sony are involved with multiple different industry: \
Large proportion of the music entertainment business \
One of the main manufactures of electronics products for consumer and professional markets\
Leading company in the film and television industry \
\
Started in 1964\
In 1964, the first product launched by Sony headed by Nobutoshi Kihara was the Video Cassette Tape. \
Sony main focus was electronics  \
Diversified business that includes:\
Electronics\
\
What is cross media ownership?\
Cross media ownership is the ownership of multiple types of media companies by a person or single corporation. Type of media can include, but not limited to: print, music, electronics television and internet media sites. This allows the company to diversify within multiple media areas.\'c2\'a0\
What are the benefits of cross media ownership?\
The benefits of cross media ownership:\
	\'95	Reduced costs - Big companies have more purchasing power\'c2\'a0\
	\'95	Synergy - Utilise sister companies, in order to self-advertise which reduce the cost of advertising.\'c2\'a0\
	\'95	Wider Distribution - This means the company can increase brand awareness to different demographics.\
Examples of Cross Media Companies\'c2\'a0\
Sony Corporation\
\
Sony is a Japanese multinational company based in Japan, founded in 1964.\'c2 \'c2 \
Sony Corporation is the electronic business company and the parent company of Sony Group.\'c2\'a0Originally, Sony focused on electronics with the CV-2000 (the video cassette tape) being the first instrumental product that launched Sony into the electronic industry.\'c2\'a0\
Sony Corporation have now diversified their business:\
	\'95	Sony Picture Entertainment (film production)\
	\'95	Sony Interactive Entertainment (publishes video games and manufactures video game consoles)\
	\'95	Sony Music Entertainment (record labels)\'c2\'a0\
	\'95	Sony Mobile Communications (multinational mobile phone manufacturer)\'c2\'a0\
	\'95	Sony/ATV Music Publishing (other music businesses)\
	\'95	Sony Financial services (holding copy for Sony's financial services\
Diversifying across cross media platforms have allowed Sony to become one of the largest Japanese corporation by revenue, due to the success during 1990s - early 2000s as a result of their new Playstation line.\'c2\'a0\
AT&T\
\
AT&T is the world's largest telecommunication company based in American, found in 1812. The company has diversified into the media industry after becoming the parent company of mass media WarnerMedia (also known as Time Warner), thus making it the largest media and entertainment company.\'c2\'a0\
Acquiring Warner Media, transformed AT&T to become a cross media company in films, television, cable networks and publishing organisations:\
	\'95	HBO (Home Box Office Inc)\
	\'95	Turner Broadcasting System - This includes, but not limited to CNN, Cartoon Network, Turner Sports.\
	\'95	Warner Bros. Entertainment - This includes, Warner Bros. Picture Group, Warner Bros. Television Group, Warner Bros. Home Entertainment Group.\
This increased brand awareness and provided AT&T and WarnerMedia the opportunity to distribute to a wider audience, improve job prospects e.g. employers have an better opportunity to move across different businesses and increase brand awareness for both AT&T and WarnerMedia companies.\'c2\'a0\
\'c2\'a0\
}